 to host hackathon like 24 hours, 48 hours, even longer, but now we are able to host a hackathon
 within eight hours, so that's amazing. So that's why I think like Vibe Coding brings a lot of
 people from different industries, a lot of experts, and even like non-coder, non-tech people join our
 hackathons. I'm so excited to see what you guys can build within a day using Vibe Coding. If you
 haven't like done any programming before, that's fine. We'll have a workshop teaching you how to
 Vibe Code today, so you can learn and build in a day. All right, before that, let's welcome Kevin,
 one of our Grand Prize sponsors, Peck, and he is going to give a quick remark for today.
 Thank you very much. Thanks, Jian. Thanks to the host and all the sponsors,
 including myself, and thanks to CozyLab for having this beautiful
 place. My name is Kevin. So when I was very young, I fell in love with technology
 since grade one or grade two, and I played a lot of Solitary and Minesweeper,
 and I tried programming myself too, but my parents, the conventional family, they said,
 "Hey, it's better to focus on the academic," and then they kindly put my keyboard in a box,
 and they put a lock on it, so I couldn't advance my programming career from there. However,
 it's not an excuse. I'm not blaming my parents. I love them, but it's a story I kind of learned
 myself. Do not give up. You're going to be resilient, so there's no reasons or excuses for
 anything, for doing what you love. So with the technology today, it enables everybody to
 become your own founder, become your own entrepreneur, and also a lot easier to
 make a product. Everybody can become a super company yourself, rather than having many
 huge amount of people to work on a project. We can do a lot on ourselves nowadays too.
 So interestingly enough, I circled back my career into real estate. I think currently we're working
 on a data center project from turning a two megawatt legacy data center into upgrading and
 also retrofitting into a 10 megawatt AI computing facility in Burnaby. So that's also another
 small bit of a challenge I'd like to share with everybody to say, "Hey, when you build a product,
 consider what is the use of the product. What is the problem it's trying to solve from a day-to-day
 and to a more societal approach? What is the problem to solve?" And also, I try to ask everybody
 to maybe consider the data layer to see what is the best use of the data and also what could be a
 local computing scenario to use up the two to 10 megawatt smaller data centers. So that's something
 I'd love to share with everybody and looking forward to see the product by the end of today.
 Thank you. Have a good one.
 Thank you, Kevin. All right. So a little bit about a rundown.
 I think you were curious about it. I tried to simplify it and give you more time to build.
 So 10:30, we will have a team up who haven't formed a team here. Oh, a lot of, okay, cool. So
 we'll do a team up at 10:30 and starting 11, you can start hacking. Actually, you can start now.
 I don't mind you start early, but let's do it just today. Okay. We will have a Codex workshop by Kai.
 Do we have Kai here? Yeah. So Kai is a Codex ambassador in Vancouver and he is going to give
 a Codex workshop to you guys at 11. And we'll have launch today at 12 and a code review with AI
 workshop provided by Adam. Adam is awesome. Like teach you how to do code review with AI
 across different platforms, using different models. That'll be awesome to code review
 before you submit. And then at four, it's submission deadline and there will be a demo.
 I will talk a little bit more about the demo and judging and then five o'clock at work.
 Very compact day, but I believe you guys can do it. Okay.
 All right. A little bit about Cozy Lab. Actually, I would like to introduce
 Nick to give a quick introduction about Cozy Lab, which is a space here. It's awesome.
 Thank you, Ian. Thank you for having me. So my name is Nick Lee. I'm the owner for Cozy Lab.
 So I'm creating the space for all the young entrepreneur talent in Vancouver to collaborating
 and work together in a low commitment and affordable price. And you can see we have over
 23 rooms. We're open 24/7. So we're open 24/7. So we're open 24/7.
 So people can just come here and you can just scan the QR code. And the price is,
 our cost is really cheap. It's like 20 bucks. You can come here to use 24 hours. So we have a
 complimentary coffee. We have the oldest sparkling water and even beer or like a tequila if you want.
 Yeah. So, yeah, so, so we just want to try to create a space in the central Vancouver. And
 even if you want to book a room or like a monthly space, like we are open.
 We have a front desk like working from 9:30 to 5:30. Yeah. So if you have a need for
 using the co-working space, just let me know. Thank you, Nick. I think I need to host a
 beer hacks next time. I think you guys have a beer and tequila hacks. All right. Codex.
 Kai, do you want to give a quick introduction about Codex or? Okay, cool. No problem. I can help you
 to introduce. It's just one word. Everyone knows. Okay. So Codex is a coding agent that help you build and ship with AI
 powered by ChatGPT. I think everyone knows ChatGPT. And Codex is awesome. I use it day to day. I really
 like it. That's why I went on board Codex on this hackathon. And there will be Codex credit to you
 guys if you guys want to use it today. And yeah, we had Kevin introduce Pack. So I don't want to
 read it again. But yeah, just read it. And thank you for Pack for sponsoring our event.
 And Cloud. So it's Cloud, not Claw, but Cloud is awesome. And also a Vancouver company. I don't
 know before this event. So Cloud provides an infrastructure to host open source models.
 And it's really cheap. I shouldn't use cheap. It's cost efficient. And you can run a lot of tokens
 with like minimum price, 60% cheaper token. Yeah, they're just cheaper, but I'm fine with it. Okay, cool.
 So you will get Cloud AQI tokens today. And I believe George from Cloud has already
 standing structure in Discord. If you want to use it today, I highly recommend you try it out
 and just sign up and get the $25 credit. I cannot spend $25 in a day actually. So try it. Okay.
 ProMatch. So ProMatch is an AI powered platform that is able to make matching faster. It's also
 one of our sponsor, actually food sponsor. And it helps companies to do matching candidates,
 clients, teams and projects better. So if you're interested, talk to me. And I'm interested in
 introduce more about ProMatch to you. And Bravo. Okay, so we have representative from Bravo. Okay,
 if you haven't used Bravo, try. That's my day to day use for Chinese restaurants, actually. So
 you can use Amex to actually add credit to it as spending, you know, Amex, you got a lot of perks,
 right? So I use it every day. And you get rewards. Well, every time you're spending in restaurants,
 so and today they are going to sponsor $300 gift card, you can spend in restaurants.
 All right. That's pretty cool. And Elkis water. So water over there. It's awesome.
 Try it. And if you need more, let Mike know. Where's Mike? Mike is gone. Okay, that's fine. So
 they sponsor a lot of like sports events in Vancouver, like I think some like
 marathon events. And I talked to Mike, and he's really interesting, like working with hackathons.
 I believe you need to drink more water when you're cooling, right? So yeah, coffee is dehydrating,
 but water, you'll get it. Okay. Also community
 partners, IMP Capital, Industrial AI, and Triangle Club. We have Mars here, Triangle Club. We met at
 his base in Marine Drive. It's awesome. A good place for lunch, if you guys want to book a place
 for like a hangout, talk to Mars. And Alumify, which is one of my students startup and they help
 lifelong learning. So yeah.
 Talk to me if you're interested in that.
 Cool. Theme. A lot of people ask about it. Okay. So now it's a theme. Your second brain.
 Is it interesting? Any idea coming out? Okay. So today we're going to build AI that helps people
 remember, learn, reason, and act with the knowledge they already have. All right. Think
 about it. It can be software, it can be hardware. Anyone do a hardware hack today? Ooh, a hardware
 hack. What kind of hardware? Like the
 healthy part. Health tech. Yeah. Okay. Cool. Yeah. I do hardware hack. I have tons of raspberry
 pie at home. And yeah. And I hack on smart glasses as well. So if you need help with hardware, or if
 you want to bring hardware hack, let me know. I can mentor you or help you as well. And judging
 criteria, I will have four categories that judges will look into. Innovation, technical execution,
 usability, and problem relevance. I use hardware. I use hardware. I use hardware. I use hardware. I
 used to have fifth, which is go-to market plan. That's something that I really want to know, but
 it's not a must. If you have that covered, it will be a bonus. All right. So take a picture of it.
 I can post it on Discord later, but yeah. I'm trying to remember it. So you should cover these
 in your submission. Since we have a lot of people here, and I want everyone to demo your project
 to the judges. So each team has two minutes max. All right. Try to be
 elevator pitch with a demo. All right. Three things you want to show. Problem. What hurts?
 Demo. What did you build? A live demo. I don't like a kind of fake demo. A real demo. I really
 want to give a sum up. A real demo. Impact. Why does it matter? All right. We want to make impact.
 All right. Grand prize. $500 cash. All right. So last time I see cash prize, it was in my previous
 presentation. Not a lot of hackers offer cash prize. And thank you to our sponsor,
 Pack. And also $500 regular office space credit. So they have an office space as well.
 If you guys are interested, you can get that space on your wing. And best use of codecs.
 We've got a $100 token credit for each team member. All right. If you have three people, then
 300. Five people, 500. I recommend you form a large team so you can collaborate. And again, what token
 token? Best use of codecs. 500 token credit for the team. All right. So no matter how large is our
 team, if you use codecs, then if you win it, you got 500. All right. Best AI for lifelong learning.
 That's my favorite because I teach bootcamp. So a full scholarship to Vibe Codec Bootcamp
 by HackUp. Actually, I'm going to teach it. If you are interested, go apply for that.
 And best AI for physical commerce. That's $300 gift card for Bravo. You can use it today.
 At the restaurant downstairs or somewhere around here with the Bravo sticker on there,
 you can just spend it. And bonus draw prize sponsored by Accused Order. Yeah, there will be a
 draw prize as well. And winner will get one of those 3D printed mask or avatar or whatever.
 I designed it and I printed at home. I hope you like it. All right. Discord. Again,
 the last time I showed the discord. Got it? Okay, cool. All right. So
 before we begin the hack, let's review code.com. Respect, include, build honestly, keep it safe,
 ask for help. All right. So everyone, not first time hackathon, right? Anyone here first time
 hackathon? Oh, we got a few. All right. So hackathon is more like a community event
 and I fall in love with since I'm in university. So that's why I keep doing it
 almost for free. All right. So yeah, try to follow the
 code of conduct. If you have any question, reach out to me or any staff here. And all the staff
 here today are volunteers. So they, yeah, a lot of positive staff here who make it happen. Thank
 you. Live coding. And we are going to start a team formation. So if you don't have a team,
 come to this room, actually. We have that room opening and we can talk about our project and
 then form a team. All right. And then we'll start the, we'll start the codex workshop at let's do it
 10:30. So we can start early. All right. And we leave more time for your hacks. All right. I will
 let you guys know the submission link in the discord channel. There will be a link. You submit
 it. I don't really like dev post. I don't mean like it's not good. It's a little too complicated.
 We want to make it simple. And then it probably won't be just a link and it's a real project and
 judges will come and make a job. All right. Are you guys ready for live coding today? Let's do it.
